Document procedure for stats collection (#11606)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/spark-procedures.md

|-----|--------|--------------|
| 3   | Robert | UPDATE_BEFORE|
| 3   | Dan    | UPDATE_AFTER |

> ## Table stats

Reviewer: Sorry I just read it one more time, I think we should change this.  I generaly agree with @RussellSpitzer comment https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/11606#pullrequestreview-2449581358 to avoid abbreviation in the spec unless we are referring to the procedure name.

### `compute_table_stats`

> This procedure calculates the Number of Distinct Values (NDV) stats for a specified table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This procedure calculates the Number of Distinct Values (NDV) statistics for a specified table.
```

> This procedure calculates the Number of Distinct Values (NDV) statistics for a specified table.

Reviewer: What do you think to add a link to the blob type:  https://iceberg.apache.org/puffin-spec/#apache-datasketches-theta-v1-blob-type

> This procedure calculates the Number of Distinct Values (NDV) statistics for a specified table.

Reviewer: Nit: in rest of the doc, its 'specific table'

> This procedure calculates the [Number of Distinct Values (NDV) statistics](https://iceberg.apache.org/puffin-spec/#apache-datasketches-theta-v1-blob-type) for a specific table.

Reviewer: sorry for the trouble, but can we make this a relative link so it works across ?

Author: the spec is found at [`format/puffin-spec.md`](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/blob/main/format/puffin-spec.md).
Do we want to reference a file outside the `docs` older?

Reviewer: Yes can it happen?  The problem with this link is , as we version the docs, it will point to the latest version and not that version.

> By default, it uses the latest snapshot of the table and analyzes all columns to compute the stats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, statistics are computed for all columns using the table's current snapshot.
```

> The procedure can be optionally configured to compute stats for a specific snapshot and/or a subset of columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The procedure can be optionally configured to compute statistics for a specific snapshot and/or a subset of columns.
```

| Argument Name | Required? | Type          | Description                         |
|---------------|-----------|---------------|-------------------------------------|
| `table`       | ✔️        | string        | Name of the table                   |
| `snapshot_id` |           | string        | id of the snapshot to collect stats |
| `columns`     |           | array<string> | columns to collect stats            |

> ### Output

Reviewer 3: Should this be at heading level 4?

| Output Name       | Type   | Description                                     |
|-------------------|--------|-------------------------------------------------|

> | `statistics_file` | string | path to stats file created from by this command |

Reviewer 3: where is this file located?

Author: This is stored in the [metadata directory](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/blob/main/spark/v3.4/spark/src/main/java/org/apache/iceberg/spark/actions/ComputeTableStatsSparkAction.java#L177). Do we want to add this to documentation?

Reviewer 3: I think it will be helpful.

Reviewer 2: Why would we add this to the documentation here? I'm not sure what the value is since it will be evident from the value returned where the file is?

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure this returned value will be visible to users, for example, in a cluster mode Spark application.

Reviewer: I also dont understand , the return value will be the location, how is it different in cluster mode?  

I also feel we may not need to document it, the metadata directory is an implementation detail and can be changed at some point.

Reviewer 3: In cluster mode, Spark users can't easily find the returned value. How about adding one line in the description above?

Reviewer 3: This is not a `-1` on the PR, just my preference.

Reviewer 2: I don't have a problem with adding it, but it doesn't belong here. It should be in the method description if we did want to include it.

> ### Examples

Reviewer 3: Ditto.

Collect statistics of the latest snapshot of table `my_table`
```sql
CALL catalog_name.system.compute_table_stats('my_table');
```

Collect statistics of the snapshot with id `snap1` of table `my_table`
```sql

> CALL catalog_name.system.compute_table_stats(snapshot_id => 'snap1', table => 'my_table' );

Reviewer: Im sorry to keep adding more comment sporadically, but can we put table first here and next one?  

I feel each example add more arguments than the previous one, and itd be clearer to add them always to the end.

> CALL catalog_name.system.compute_table_stats(snapshot_id => 'snap1', table => 'my_table' );

Reviewer: Im sorry to keep adding more comment sporadically, but can we put table first here and next one?  

I feel each example add more arguments than the previous one, and itd be clearer to add them always to the end.

| 3   | Robert | UPDATE_BEFORE|
| 3   | Dan    | UPDATE_AFTER |

> ## Table statistics

Reviewer: Nit: capitalize statistics (like the other headers)
